well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so we had a whole lot of questions
about terrorism being the purview of the
non-state actor it was a concept people
we're having a hard time with this is a
terrorist action committed by this
government not by definition this is
when definitions are important when it
comes to propaganda and understanding
the conditioning that a lot of people
suffer from so because of that tonight
we're not going to talk about st.
Patrick we're going to talk about st.
Augustine st. Augustine told a story
about Alexander the Great he called a
pirate he had the pirate brought before
him and Alexander was like I'm gonna
paraphrase here dude what are you doing
you're disturbing the peace of the seas
and the Pirates like dude what are you
doing you're disturbing the Peace of the
whole planet but because I do it with
one ship I'm a thief a pirate a robber
because you have a fleet well you're an
emperor pretty smart isn't it morally
there's no difference if you're
attempting to use force to plunder
there's no difference it's the same
thing so why gets very disturbing when
people equate legality and morality when
people say well it's legal do it legally
it means enough it means nothing what's
the difference between a pirate and a
privateer one's authorized by the state
they do the exact same thing a lot of
street gangs and certainly organized
crime collect protection money some of
that protection money goes back into the
community you know they help the elderly
or whatever what's the difference
between that and Taxation
if you don't pay it well something Bad's
gonna happen to you it's the same thing
morally so some suicide bomber fills his
truck or his van full of explosives and
drives into a barracks in the middle of
the night kills bunch of sleeping troops
what's the difference between that and a
guy who's sitting in Texas flying a
drone over Yemen and blowing up a
training camp morally they're the same
thing they are the same thing the
technological advance doesn't somehow
make it more more just makes it legal
just makes it more sanitary there's no
difference and in real life it's it's
the same thing it's just as barbaric
just one's easier to sanitize so we have
to keep a a hard look for those who
confuse legality of morality because
everything the Taliban did well that was
legal under their laws everything Saddam
did was legal under their laws
everything the Islamic state did was
legal under their laws everything Nazi
Germany did was legal under their laws
genocide of the natives slavery
segregation all legal under our laws the
only difference between the two it's not
morality it's not some social contract
that makes it seem
like they have the consensus of the
people in most cases they don't it's
power and despite the video that I'm
going to put in the comments section
which I strongly suggest you watch it
explores this topic in an unusual way
size doesn't matter at least not in this
case anyway it's just a fault y'all have
a good night